# Leetcode Biweekly Contest 134
## Problem 100182. Maximum Points After Enemy Battles
### Problem Statement
You are given an integer array enemyEnergies denoting the energy values of various enemies.

You are also given an integer currentEnergy denoting the amount of energy you have initially.

You can perform **either** of the following operations zero or multiple times to gain points:
- Choose an **unmarked** enemy, i , such that currentEnergy >= enemyEnergies[i] . By choosing this option:
  - You gain 1 point.
  - Your energy is reduced by the enemy's energy, i.e. currentEnergy = currentEnergy - enemyEnergies[i] .

- If you have **at least** 1 point, you can choose an **unmarked** enemy, i . By choosing this option:
  - Your energy increases by the enemy's energy, i.e. currentEnergy = currentEnergy + enemyEnergies[i] .
  - The enemy i is **marked**.
  

Return an integer denoting the maximum points you can get in the end by optimally performing operations.

### Example 1:
**Input:** 
```shell
enemyEnergies = [3,2,2], currentEnergy = 2
```
**Output:**
```shell
3
```
**Explanation:**

The following operations can be performed to get 3 points, which is the maximum:
- First operation on enemy 1: points increases by 1, and currentEnergy decreases by 2. So, points = 1 , and currentEnergy = 0 .
- Second operation on enemy 0: currentEnergy increases by 3, and enemy 0 is marked. So, points = 1 , currentEnergy = 3 , and marked
enemies = [0] .
- First operation on enemy 2: points increases by 1, and currentEnergy decreases by 2. So, points = 2 , currentEnergy = 1 , and marked
enemies = [0] .
- Second operation on enemy 2: currentEnergy increases by 2, and enemy 2 is marked. So, points = 2 , currentEnergy = 3 , and marked
enemies = [0, 2] .
- First operation on enemy 1: points increases by 1, and currentEnergy decreases by 2. So, points = 3 , currentEnergy = 1 , and marked
enemies = [0, 2] .

### Example 2:
**Input:** 
```shell
enemyEnergies = [2], currentEnergy = 10
```
**Output:** 
```shell
5
```
**Explanation:**

Performing the first operation 5 times on enemy 0 results in the maximum number of points.


### Python Solution
```python
class Solution:
    def maximumPoints(self, enemyEnergies: List[int], currentEnergy: int) -> int:
        minEnergy = min(enemyEnergies)
        
        if currentEnergy < minEnergy:
            return 0

        my_sum = 0
        for e in enemyEnergies:
            my_sum += e
        my_sum -= minEnergy
        my_sum += currentEnergy
        return my_sum // minEnergy
```
